- [Narrator] Let's now set up a JSON-B Application quickly
as apart of this course.
So we are going to have two kinds of application
one is a stand-alone application
where we'll see the entire operation of
the JSON binding API's that we have available
as a part of the specification.
And after that, we are going to build a small
JAX-RS application which is a RESTful application.
And then we'll use JSON-B inside it.
Okay?
So let's see the software prerequisites for this first.
We will Java Development Kit, JDK,
the java software version 1.8
you can download it from the link
that has been mentioned on the slide.
And then you need an integrated development environment
where you'll do all of your coding and testing.
I've chosen NetBeans IDE.
You can however choose any IDE of your own preference.
Then you have the Postman tool
which is the one that we are going to use to test out
the RESTful application that we are building
at the end of this course.
So we need that, you can download it from that link.
However, if you want to your RESTful orders
which are just kind of get requests
through a browser then you will need a Google Chrome
or a Firefox and an MS Edge browser
which is of the latest version.
Now, let's setup a JSON-B Application.
One is a stand-alone application that we are going to build
which is a simple Java application.
And the second one will be a JAX-RS service
but that we'll do at the end.
Right now, let's look only at the standard Java Application.
So in the NetBeans IDE, first let's create a Java project
let's go to IDE and say right-click new project
and this option of Maven under that category
you can choose Java Application.
When you say next let's give it a name, JSON-B
Sample.
Let's get rid of the default package, we'll create our own
packages when the structure gets formed for the project.
And say finish.
So this is how the project structure looks like
and you have your palm XML out there.
Inside that, right now you just have the Maven compiler
version set to 1.8 that is very important
because this JSON binding API will definitely
require Java 1.8 version to be used for compilation.
Now, how are you going to integrate JSON-B
in this Java Application?
It is very, very simple to do that.
What you have to do is just go to the official documentation
of JSON-B which is JSON-B.net
that's the official documentation website
and under that you have these steps
getting started and user guide and all of that.
So when you click on users guide the first page
that comes up is exactly the Maven coordinates
that you may want to enter into your palm XML
so that you get started with the JSON-B course, okay?
Now, what are these dependencies for?
Let's quickly go through them
and then we'll add it to the palm XML.
First, you have the JSON-B dependency so in one
of our earlier discussions we did talk about how JSON-B
uses JSON-P internally.
So you'll require that dependency
and of course its reference implementation.
And then you have the JSON-B interfaces
specification declared there
and then the reference implementation for that too
which is Eclipse Yasson library.
So that dependency is also listed out there.
So I'm just going to take this entire set of dependencies
along with the comments so we are clear
what we are trying to insert.
Copy this.
Go to the IDE.
And after the packaging tag
let's enter the dependencies tag.
And under that let's add all of these dependencies.
Okay.
Yeah, so we've created of the Java Maven project
we've add the dependencies and once you've added them
you just have to clean and build and run.
So let's clean and build this project.
So all of these dependencies will get installed.
Then we download it
if they have not been downloaded already.
And they'll get installed of course,
on your project wall or project jar file
whatever packaging that you are using.
Okay, so the building is a success so we are all set
to go ahead with the demos now.
In the next video, we'll start looking at the demos.